[Music]
hey dreaming of being faster than a
speeding bullet more powerful than a
locomotive able to leap to a conclusion
in a single bound
hey my dream here are 11 superpowers you
can have right now
just take a look at any comic book or
superhero movie and you'll get a good
idea of just how much we dream of having
superpowers the ability to do with the
usual person can't having super speed
super strength being superhuman it
fascinates us but what if I told you
that all of this isn't just confined to
comics that you can get a superpower
right now of course people still can't
change their size walk through walls or
teleport since it contradicts the laws
of physics but there are some other
superpowers that are available nowadays
for the right price
but before you find out if you'll be
able to fly or become invisible soon
don't forget to subscribe to our channel
we have tons of intriguing and useful
videos coming out daily on the bright
side of life so be sure to ring that
bell to be notified each time we post
counting down from number 11 fear
rejection well the superpower probably
wouldn't belong to a superhero but
rather a supervillain like mr. fear but
believe it or not a fear projecting
device is very real and it's not even
that hard to make what I'm talking about
is a machine that produces infrasound
now infrasound is basically acoustic
waves of extremely low frequencies these
waves are below the human hearing
threshold so we really can't hear them
yet they still have serious
psychological effects on people being
around infrasound can make you feel
discomfort fear and nausea
kind of like when you pull up at the
stop sign next to the car with the three
subwoofers blasting away and you can
feel it in your chest even with the
windows up now multiply that and the
fact that you won't be able to explain
the origins of these sensations will
make the experience even more terrifying
now that's a pretty sinister superpower
number 10 iron suit everybody knows that
iron man's strength comes in the form of
his iron suit and it's a pretty cool
superpower they have
getting rid of anything in your way or
shooting off into the sky all thanks to
this miraculous armor well you might be
glad to know that technicians at Japan's
Tsukuba University have already created
a special exoskeleton suit called the
Hal 5 it's nine feet tall and weighs
almost ninety pounds
you can get inside it walk around while
wearing it move its arms and even wiggle
it's fingers it doesn't fly of course it
police not yet so if you have 93
thousand dollars to spare you just like
Tony Stark can get yourself a loyal
metal companion number nine
Spider Man wall climbing now if you
dreamed of having spider-man's
wall-crawling abilities when you were a
kid or if you still do I've got some
good news for you doctor lemming day
from the University of Dayton and
doctored song Lynn Wang from the Georgia
Institute of Technology invented a super
sticky material it has a nanotubes
spatula design that's based on
microscopic hairs now this means you can
cling to any surface of your choice to
unstick yourself all you have to do is
just give it a little tug and you're
free to keep crawling up that skyscraper
okay maybe you shouldn't give that a try
but it's still cool number eight
immunity to pain the inability to feel
pain help some comic book characters
push themselves to the extreme
however immunity to pain isn't just
fiction there's an absolutely real and
very rare disease called congenital
insensitivity to pain a person with this
condition never experiences physical
pain they never have and never will but
if you're thinking yeah sign me up then
you should know that it's not as amazing
as it sounds the fact is that this is an
extremely dangerous illness we need to
feel pain because it lets us know that
something's not right with our body
people suffering from insensitivity to
pain may have dramatic complications
because they haven't even noticed an
injury or disease so perhaps it's not
the coolest superpower to have don't you
think number seven night vision anybody
familiar with the DC Universe knows that
dr. midnight can see perfectly well in
complete darkness
unfortunately this comes at a price he's
almost completely blind in sunlight
lucky for you that's not a necessary
stipulation any more modern technology
allows you to use advanced night-vision
devices these to be super expensive and
only available for the military and
special agencies but nowadays these
gadgets have come to the consumer market
and anybody can get them to see in the
dark
number six ability to heal yourself
[Music]
superheroes like Wolverine and firestorm
have one of the most desirable powers
they can regenerate and heal themselves
it was probably this exact superpower
that inspired a new project the Defense
Advanced Research Projects Agency also
known as DARPA is developing an implant
that hooks directly to a person's
nervous system it'll treat depression
without the help of medication look
after internal organs and treat them
when necessary this implant is probably
going to be prescribed to those with
physical injury to the brain or for
mental health issues like post-traumatic
stress disorder number five super speed
the Flash's super power may be much more
available than you think
governments around the world are working
on special devices that can allow their
soldiers to run faster without getting
tired some of these projects already
exist for example there's an exoskeleton
that helps people run long distances
faster than even the best critter but
there's one thing that could change
running forever
scientists from Arizona State University
are developing a special lightweight
jetpack that instead of taking you up
into the sky sort of propels you forward
as you're running giving you a speed
boost according to initial tests the
added speed that this jetpack will give
soldiers can be crucial in the
battlefield the research is ongoing to
improve the results even more number
four invisibility and now here's the
superpower we've all dreamed of having
especially during our most embarrassing
moments and it could very well become a
reality
there have been pretty advanced attempts
to create Harry Potter
invisibility clothes the thing is that
our eyes only see the light that objects
reflect with the use of a particular
material Canadian scientists decided to
alter light waves to pass through an
object this is already given a pretty
impressive result but only if an object
is illuminated with one color so this
technology is still being worked on but
scientists have figured out several
other ways to make objects invisible one
of the most recent ideas has been
developed at the University of Rochester
a combination of four lenses organized
in a particular way
effectively hides objects from the
viewer now researchers are trying to
figure out how to maintain invisibility
on the move number three ability to fly
yeah while we're on the topic of the
most popular superpowers let's talk
about fly unfortunately this one seems
like the most impossible to achieve
unless you count planes and helicopters
of course but one Australian company has
already created the Martin jetpack this
device can develop a speed of 45 miles
per hour and travel at an altitude of
3,300 feet the Martin jetpack has
advanced safety features like a
parachute that can open extremely close
to the ground so you don't splat well
your dream and my dream may not be as
impossible as we think
number two being bulletproof life can
sometimes take a dangerous turn and
being bulletproof can really come in
handy but unlike Superman we normies
aren't invincible to bullets at least
not our skin but as you may know we can
use bulletproof vests but are you gonna
wear one all the time hmm probably not
however one company in Columbia makes
bulletproof clothing this enterprise is
already 25 years old and is now
conquering the American market their
bulletproof garments include sports wear
tank tops shirts and even kimonos these
things are pretty lightweight and rather
stylish they can be worn everyday as
long as you're willing to pay at least
500 bucks for one item the simplest
solution is of course like this stay
away from the bullets number one super
strength
[Music]
lots of superheroes saves and using
their superhuman strength but can you
believe there are devices that allow you
to have the same superpower nowadays you
still will be able to punch through
walls or get cars up over your head but
they will make you a lot stronger than
you already are
exoskeletons come in a wide variety
these days one of them can help workers
by holding up to 36 pounds of tools at
the same time they're light enough that
the wearer can climb a ladder in this
suit and if the full gear isn't to your
liking try Bionic glimpse the titan pod
before instance straps directly to your
arm and helps you lift things you don't
normally have enough strength to handle
just don't be surprised of all your
friends and relatives start asking you
to help them move well what's your
favourite superpower is it on our list
tell us in the comments below if you
found this video super enjoyable then
give it a thumbs up and share it with
your friends
life is more fun on the bright side